---
layout:         single
title:          de Duve PhD day 2021
date:           2021-05-03
item_date:      2021-05-26
categories:     jekyll update 
tags:           event
author:         Chris Vanderaa
author_profile: true
---

The PhD day of the de Duve Institute is an event created by the 
students for the students and more precisely by the de Duve students' 
society. The concept is that during one day all the PhD students 
gather and have the opportunity to present their work to their peers 
through a poster or a presentation session.

Our objective is that the de Duve Institute becomes a united 
scientific community in the next years, and this starts with the PhD 
Day ! Even though the event will finally be online, we hope to provide
a nice environment for sharing research projects and connecting with 
other PhD students as well as to feed the scientific minds with 
various interesting scientific topics and stimulating discussions.

The date to save in your calendar is the **26th of May 2021**. 

## Poster session

Second year students have the responsibility to participate to the 
poster session! In brief, they are being asked to create a poster about 
their research project and to expose it during the morning session of 
this event. The PI, Post-Doc and other PhD students will have the
opportunity to take a look and ask questions or more details about the
project. 

As for the organization, we ask second year students to send us the 
abstract of their poster for the 15th of May (max 1 page) as well as 
the ppt of it for the 21st of May to Juliette Vanderroost 
(juliette.vanderroost@uclouvain.be). We also ask to send the ppt of 
the poster for the 21st of May, as well as a 2 min recording that
introduces the student and their research work and make other 
participants want to take a closer look at the poster. This super 
short introducing speech should not be a detailed explanation, but 
rather a trailer / teasing to try to get the audience’s attention. 

## Talk sessions

TBA